Hello dear friends and so 2 on
today is the battle as promised at the request
suffering wanting my loved ones
Subscribers really wanted to forgive everyone
demanded literally
Misha make a fight over go especially we in general
here you are getting wanted please
Generally it is not difficult for me to say
we have a robin card wonderful
card for art of course you know about it
and look in general actually
this fight will be so dubious very
doubtful, I can even a little bit
have a fight but it's nothing to see
what will come of it after all this
four we are trying
highlight everything right now
try on the move to send t110 and 3
I do it well and, in general, not quite
exactly the projectile arrives
Yes, and maybe I'm a little styling
wrong but it's okay see what
beautiful picture of us pershing yes here i am
just showed him what you need
move forward because on foot
what is known Pershin what good can
say about this tank piercing patent and
so on yes further down the branch naturally
This review guys of course the most
the main thing is a review and what the fuck is this
scarecrow standing behind arty what explain
to me
looking ahead I'll tell you what it is
wonderful wonderful
circus 185 still and that there is no such thing
and stood in general, then behind me
the whole fight also merged with zero that is
in general, we did absolutely nothing with
Andrei tagged him as a bot hope
something for him will come flying
and 100
we need to throw it, let's
on floor 92 is so nice and yes there is
820 arrives and by the way today
arrogant I drank and do not call 100 1200
so wonderful with the breaking of land mines
very nice was the height and before collecting
we gave all our friends stand in the defa
here anal dft 62 for some reason rolled
here in principle there is a good position
yes, but again, taking into account that here
we have someone and the enemy has not advanced
here as soon as the enemy drove right here
all t-62 in full dad because to him
crammed in the ass and in general, hello
hangar
but. 2 does not think about this
strain is better just to ride and
the hundredth one must be sure that I am
and doing here and so 967 and look
here we also have lorraine in 120 all
very sad that is how would guys
give full space like you
you know if you give most of the card
top win well, very difficult banal
light and under the arta everything understands
I’m just starting to roll back
ago this figure skating ask
let's add speed because
after all you are ninety two buckets such
big and heavy while there all glow
turnout d skating is not very important to roll back
hide as far away as possible
from pershing and the rest trying something
to make of 4 absolutely flags rolls
straight at me
nublado there is still vegetable Pershin ahead
throwing 812 I leave vkd
I hope that on 3 monokini students there
I will try
roll back away to live
a little bit longer never like everything
time I try to live longer
maybe something will turn out even
just why not, well, Andrei happened
there splash-art sypanut isa fourth
any difficulties there I was in general
I do not remember that he did not tell there is not
okay look, this is also smart
the situation is really what you need
do when that's left no tags 368
person
two arts yes that is, respectively 6 6
tanks just stupidly huddled in one corner
and it's great not worth waiting until like
all will die well what else to do yes let's
stand in one place to surround us
and just figured it all out
correct right why not
great but i'm standing here modestly
behind the tree you see there fell too divided
but I 'm waiting
Isa the fourth is already charged and
I send him on the move very much wanted to take
and he only has 50 hp in
hope that it will still be removed here
trying to
touched in summit try to between
many things you were most
possible distance to it not
hid and not to shine there
in no way
Excellent sleep removed from 4 and about me
a little bit of life i'm taking pictures too good
that was 68 becomes 69 who are away
stood by this building give i'm already dead i'm
and whoever else
I took a cushy place that still
live but it is not really a long time and
I think, too, you all understand that in
such a situation is very difficult for me to achieve
move into a communication option like you
do you understand
go to the table already vrazhin stand as
only i jerk me naturally
shine and stomp beat on the ass
right on clap all five chance that is
accordingly, I stand here nowhere
twitch and try at least somewhere else from
to throw
some damage cause up to 3 540 so far
i have open damage whatever
a lot but not to say that right at all
ashamed yes you all four flies on my
combined
and accordingly I need something with this
trying to do and transfer out of bed
under the light of 3 persuade I will try it
pick it up but see it
worth a little bit of nizinka yes all four
goes upstairs and accordingly you know
then who on arte played of course you know
that will give you drive in the direction of the sky
Yes . I appear on it a little bit
the sight is constantly straying very difficult
it's almost impossible to get there
such a scenario has turned out now
so 3 in the hangar, I 'm actually waiting
his fate completely modestly understanding
that there's nothing you can do and
look glows and amx 50100
I still have a lot of time to charge
already almost forgive life but 50100
pass me by me even
there are little hopes for me here
Bochin comes from kt
watch 4 seconds before charging i
starting to get up and then come down on
so here I send him and 50100 in
hangar and of course I already have to
d takes such a small one
tautology as you understand further
of course our friends merged nothing there
good this did not work after playing this
I certainly remembered the fight why I scored
On this game you know friends always
the most important thing is to find positive and positive in
In this case, I only got
thanks to my platoon in general
I wish you always pleasant
companies and have fun even
if you merged hope you enjoyed it
leave
to new meetings all bye